Change registration url to /register (#175)
Leaf-Agriculture/docs: docs/quickstart.md

### Leaf Quickstart

This quickstart tutorial is written help you quickly experience and start building with Leaf.

> First, please [register on our website](https://leafagriculture.com.br/register/) to receive your credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, please [register on our website](https://withleaf.io/register/) to receive your credentials.
```
the url you wrote does not exists

Author: Nice catch. I tested the register button but not the ones in the docs. Fixed it in 8721832
